the core team members that I found. And this is from the time that your
third class all the way up to master chiefs that I've seen are the
first class and the chief. That pairing combined is the backbone of
the Navy. The lPO, it's his role as ah, as a chief in making is to
talk to the whole entire unit, and the chief is the one that Davies
out that information to the officers above, and he gets all the requirements.
What? There's the things that they're supposed to do. And
it's kind of like an hour glass. And the chief is the thing on the top.
The sand at the top in the lpo is the sand at the bottom, you know,
going going down. And that structure is so crucial. Um, where if
you didn't have that, let's say you had a week chief or weak lpo. Um,
then, um, yeah, it's all downhill. Downhill from there